the cashless Society is one of the most
important goals of the technocratic
elite if implemented overnight chaos
would occur proceed in steps to evade
the majority of individuals as they
adapt to new methods cash allows two
people to transact without the knowledge
of a third party this is dangerous for
any tyrannical government because they
persist in knowing every detail of
individual's habits what stores they
visit where their money is coming from
where it goes surveillance to keep you
quote
safe you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you I want to talk
about the cash banss and a whole bunch
of other issues today let's begin right
away with Taiwan this is a translated
article so you'll have to take it uh for
what it is right here now I got a little
popup box let me show you this money
laundering buy a house a car jewelry
future to be banned cash okay so what
they're saying is Big Ticket items
you're not able to pay in cash
strengthen the prevention and control of
money laundering the ministry of Justice
to promote a large scale
transactions without cash the first wave
May lock real estate
luxury cars and jewelry transactions
according to the provisions of the money
laundering control
law there is good reason for this many
countries have implemented similar
tactics here and this here I could
understand there's a lot of money
laundering going on they're worried
about terrorism and all this stuff so
they decide to ban cash transactions but
above the government sits a group of
people that mold the manipul things and
they have an agenda okay that's pretty
obvious one of the items on that agenda
is to implement a cashless Society so
even if you are for the decisions here
you have to be against the globalists
that's the key whatever the globalist
push you need to be against it once the
finalized after the sale of real estate
cars jewelry uh Etc will not be able to
use cash must use non onh payments such
as credit cards Financial cards checks
electronic payments or
remittances this is one example of many
that we have seen over the years they've
implemented small measures in the US in
recent years I've covered them here on
the channel where you'll see for example
you know in businesses small businesses
are not able to uh move money over large
sums of money overseas without it being
acknowledged by the government things
like this like little pieces to the more
Grand puzzle if you just Implement a
complete ban on cash tomorrow you're
going to have chaos you can't do that
there's a disruption that occurs so what
you do is you do it in Little Steps and
nobody
really wakes up to it because it's
happening so slowly and it could take a
generation for that to happen but
already today let's say the Millennials
generation
they don't want to use cash ever they
want to use their Apple pay they want to
use all these digital means which you
know I could understand this the the
reasons why but ultimately you want to
have the ability to transact in cash you
don't want that to be locked out you
know what if for example you went
to Kajiji
Craigslist and you saw a vehicle on them
that you wanted to purchase you purchase
from somebody else and you give them
$5,000 let's say and they give you the
vehicle there you go there's the
transaction sign the papers all
done now what if the government wants a
piece of that because that individual is
selling something oh well you got to pay
taxes on that you're making
income and then of course you're using
cash you're not supposed to be using
cash that's banned now so you have to
use some sort of electron elic payments
where the government can track and Trace
every single little piece of that that's
what I see I see it as a big problem
because you and I can transact anymore
there has to be government interference
and I use that word intentionally that's
a very very dangerous model and it is
really going on everywhere we saw this
happen in India and the segue here is is
interesting because it's actually from
taipe times I found this India's monthly
oil demand fell the most since May 2003
as the government's Crackdown on high
value currency notes continued to
reverberate through the $2 trillion
economy and this here is something that
is inevitable when you make big changes
when you decide to pull back on anything
that people are used to in this case
happens to be
cash you're disrupting business and
maybe the long term situation is good or
whatever it's not a good idea to
definitely to do this it isn't
necessarily a ban on cash but the way I
see it is one step towards it we don't
need to be taking any more steps towards
tyranny we're heading too far already
that's what I'm saying there'll be a lot
of people on here and it's it's funny
I'll comment if you notice I
occasionally when I feel it I decide to
be a little sarcastic in the comments
but um essentially what you'll have is
people coming out and saying this isn't
a ban on cash you liar you fearmonger
why are you saying this is this is BS
you're liar I'm unsubscribing for the
fourth time well it's not that it
happens directly like that there aren't
governments generally that Implement
measures that are so drastic
overnight it goes through a generation
so that nobody wakes up to it you don't
want to have riots and upheaval you want
subservient slaves and the only way you
do that is to make people complacent you
make them poor you make them dependent
and they will shut
up all right let's move on here
Americans buying existing homes at the
fastest Pace in a decade and they're
talking about buying the fastest Pace
since 2,00
7 I believe this is very significant and
then you know there's different
reasons why this could be
occurring I don't believe that the
economy is doing well right now I don't
believe that people have all of a sudden
have all of this abundance of money that
they're purchasing this home these homes
with I do believe that rental prices
have come up significantly that's one
reason you also have to factor in in as
on the national level the prices in the
US are I would consider them reasonable
but if you compare them to most places
in Canada as an example the prices are
low I think in here it suggests it's
224,000 or something like this but
that's you know that's the nation as a
whole and it doesn't really give you a
good picture you know if you were to
take let's say the top 10 cities in the
US and sort of average that out you
would get a much different picture
so one of the other reasons I believe
here is that where they whether they
will have uh inflation expectations and
as a result interest rates Rising that
is considering um you know part of the
consideration I do believe part of it
anyway and I'll just show you a chart of
that which interconnects the existing
home sales and you could see might be a
little uh difficult here but you're
looking at the Orange line which this
chart shows you from approximately
2013 and it's just you know it's going
up and down but for the most part it is
heading up and up and up and it's
remains to be seen where this will head
over the uh near
future I see it as you know not just one
reason and it's important to to look at
at all of this all the data
anyway
now copper prices zigzagged wildly when
almost no one was trading whoa how's
that possible I mean
Traders and and like investors and and
uh
companies they trade on the stock
exchanges and that and the Commodities
exchanges and all the different markets
and that moves markets up or down right
like if you a lot of people get together
and and hedge funds and everybody and
they buy stock let's say Apple the Apple
stock will rise right that that's how it
works isn't it I mean that's what I was
told that's the fundamentals that's the
the premise
oh that's not the case we'll take a look
at this copper prices we actually
moving 100 $ in 30
minutes and I'll just get right to it
I'm going to show you the chart by the
way I love to show you guys the
explanation of everything and then show
you the charts I hope you appreciate
that look at this this isn't my you know
heart Pac or heart
monitor that's basically what it looks
like it looks like that blip that you
see in the
movies
no this is copper pricing how is this
possible that it's trading and then and
then you see afterwards see you know you
you take this approximately
6070 and again approximately 60 70 but
in between it's completely chaotic how's
that possible what what was that Trader
doing well no it's not a Trader and even
in this Bloomberg article previous to
this it actually said specifically oh
yes this was computer algorithms
screwing
up uh so you're telling me that the
price of copper a major industrial metal
trading on these big exchanges I'm not
talking about a penny stock that's
trading for you know 4 cents and it
moves up to 6 cents and then moves down
to 2 cents no no no I'm talking about
copper on the London Metals
exchange this this is
massive massive moves and you know just
to quickly uh go back to it I want to
high at this an algorithmic trading
system gone off the rails your money
your Investments if you're in paper and
you think that you can outsmart the
market that's fine I I honestly believe
if you think you can make money in it do
it but you're funding and fueling the
bankers that's the way I see it I don't
play in those games I don't have paper I
sold my last paper on December 31st
2007 and because I knew what was coming
but
anyway
look look at this moving copper by $100
and there are so many people out there
that will
say my money I know exactly what I'm
doing and even if and you know there's a
lot of people in the alternative news
that are they know what's going on yet
they recommend people buy stocks and
that's the danger that's that's why I'm
so fearful of it I don't I don't in my
first book I talked about stocks I talk
about you know the the four asset
classes in my new book I basically say
that maybe there's a time and a place
for it but now it's just simply too
risky it's too risky and this is why
even if you predicted it precisely look
at what could have happened in that time
frame sure everything came back to
normal again quote unquote normal but
you don't know what's going to happen
you don't know if you're going to be
left out of your money it's dangerous do
you know use at your own risk that's all
I'm going to say this is one very very
good example of why you cannot play
around in the paper markets any longer
it's ready to explode okay now here is
something I can't even put the link in
the description because YouTube will
have something to say about that but
let's talk about it before their
algorithms actually pick up my voice and
ban it that way John McCain makes secret
trip to Syria in the midst of the US
assessment and actually there was uh an
individual from Hawaii if it
was I'm uh drawing a blank it was
somebody from government position one of
the officials had uh from Hawaii over to
Damascus to actually meet with Assad so
I don't know what they discussing my
presumption here is that you know at the
secret meeting of course my presumption
is that these uh meetings are about Isis
and and to really talk about how they're
going to proceed should we just directly
bomb you or should we be nice should we
play nice I think that's sort of what it
is first there's some diplomatic
conversations you know do we continue to
fund Isis and then uh help you out at
the same time or do we just um roll the
tanks
in this here was amazing you probably
seen it already
this individual from
MSNBC quote and it could be that while
unemployment and the economy worsens
which I'm shocked
that that's actually being mentioned
anyway he Trump could have undermined
the message so much that he can actually
control exactly what people think and
the best part of all and that
is our job it's nobody's job to tell you
what to think not the president not the
media it's you it's not me you take all
the facts that I say and then you go out
there and you look them up on your own
don't trust me don't trust a president
or a prime minister or a parliament or a
Congress or a counselor or an MP or
somebody there who is supposed to be
telling you the truth no you do your own
research and you come up with your own
conclusions never trust
anyone and for a little bit of light
humor at the end there they are the
lovely couple to finish it off if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my book The Money GPS even
more informative you can actually look
through the book If you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care